
Race 1
Welcome to the curtain raiser to the FF Championship. So far 28 runners have entered this year. The most ever.

Probably the toughest run in the series, Farnborough Half. The cold and damp conditions didn't deter 18 FFs from runnning. There were some fantasic performances, some new runners to the long distance.

Our 2018 Trophy winner Em Howden, continued her fine form from last year running her first Half Marathon in a time of 2:18.12. A great effort helped along the way by Rich. Our 2018 Championship winner, Alasdair Nuttall also continued his fine form with the quickest time out of the lot of us and a PB performance of 1:29.00. Wow. Peta Revell running her first half almost smashed the 2 hour mark and came in third. Alan, Alex L and Jo all beat their best 2018 times, so congratulations to them.

Apologies for the late publishing of results we just needed to get some final timings / payments sorted. It is still not too late to join in, so please just submit payment and let Martin know you want to sign up for the fun!

Next up is the Fleet Half in March. I believe all places have been taken unfortunately. Remember, your best 5 scores over the season count. So you can potentially not compete in either half marathon and still win.

Bon chance.


Race 2
The Fleet Half saw some testing, windy conditions. 11 Flyers were blown around the Fleet track. Welcome to the stage Mr David Peddle who has shown good form at parkrun and smashed in a 1:40.19 taking 10 minutes off last years best. 

The consistently impressive Em Howden registered a 2:22.03. Andy Poulter was dogged by injury last year and has come back with a bang this term with a 1:48.25. The other notable performance was from Bob Turner who registered and all time half PB of 1:43.56. Well done all to those who run on Sunday.

So Em maintains top spot in the table, extending her lead over Alan Bush.

Entries are open for both Frimley Park Hospital run and the Yateley series. Both events sell out, so please register soon to avoid disappointment.



Race 3
The Frimley Park hospital run saw a large turnout of Flyers with some notable performances. Em, despite being slightly injured still managed to post a fantastic 1:02 and take the full 26 points. Peta knocked 4 minutes off her best time from last year to take second and Susan took third to make it an all female lockout for the podium places. Well done ladies.

Along with the top 3, Alan, Louise, Chris and Lewis all beat their best 10km times from 2018. Well done you 7.

Em is currently running away with the title, but things are hotting up for second place with Alan and Peta only being separated by 6 points.

I think entries are still open for Yateley, the next event in the league. Remember the best time is taken and recorded from the tri-series, so in theory you'd only need to run one to register a score.


Race 4
The Yateley June event was sold out with a 1,000 entrants, 18 of which were Flyers. Good conditions for running saw 5 Flyers beat their best 2018 10Km time. Em Howden topped the charts with a 1:01.18 PB. She ran to her maximum as she felt sick crossing the finish line. She is getting ever closer to that magic 1 hour. Well done Em. Peta also impressed with a 6.71% improvement over last years best and came second. Alan completes the podium with a speedy 41.21. Mr Longmuir and Mr Gay also beat last years time. Well done all.

So this the league table looking in a familiar state with Em Howden topping the charts at 100 points (provisionally). Can anyone stop her? Alan keeps his consistent run together with Peta gaining on him making it very close for second and third spots overall.

Yateley is sold out for July, but there are still some spots for August. The next event is Yateley July (3rd), quickly followed by parkrun July (6th).

Race 5
Good morning. A hot and very sunny Yateley 10km - Race 2 saw a number of FF entrants. Not too many changes from the first race other than one notable exception. Eleanora Knight (aka Chelsea) smashed her PB by 3 minutes, coming in at 52:52 landing her 19 provisional points.

No change at the top. Em still leads the way.

Yateley Race 3 is now all sold out unfortunately. However, remember this Saturday is the start of the parkrun July series of events.


Race 6
The first of the shorter 5km distance was run at the weekend. Perhaps the first time that no one broke their PB. Saying that Alan Bush equalled his 20 minutes dead time of 2018. Perhaps people had one eye on other events! Alex Longmuir came in second being just 3 seconds outside of his best 2018 time and Martin Gay coming in a surprising 3rd spot. Plenty of chance and scope for these provisional results to change.

Next week is the second of the four parkrun July events. Let's hope the weather is a little kinder.


Race 7,8,9
The last of the parkrun July events was run today. The weather was much cooler than in previous weeks, if a little soggy under foot. Some 2018 PB times were beaten, noteably by the front runners. Alan Bush, Alex Longmuir, Andy Poulter and Bob Turner all beat their previous best times today. Some great times also from Peta Revell, Bob Turner and Oli Peddle all saw their best times of July today.

So what does this mean in terms of scoring for parkrun July. Em Howden, with her amazing PB run last week takes a full 26 points, followed by Andy Poulter and Alex Longmuir in bronze medal spot. Overall Em Howden has an unassailable lead with 4 lots of 26 points and a 22 points. So well done Em. Both Alex and Andy are now pressuring the other podium places. Fiona Keane-Munday scores her first points of the season and now stands above Mr Keane-Munday who also scored his first set of points!

Well done all. The next event is the final race in Yateley 10km series in a couple of weeks time.

Race 10
The final Yateley 10km of the year. A relatively low Flyers turnout with reasonable running conditions. A note has gone into the organizers to see if the low sun can be moved from the Reading Road!

Just two runners produced their best Yateley times. Yours truly came in sub 50 minutes, beating his 10km time from the previous two years earning 17 points. Mr Oli Peddle also produced his best Yateley time of the year although down on previous years time.

So the final points have been secured for the Yateley series. Em takes full honours with her June effort. Similar for second place Peta who also recorded a very good June event. In third spot is Chelsea with her PB run in July.

The final event's results does not effect the final standings. Em, Alan and Peta occupy the top spots. Next up is Fleet 10km.

Race 11
Fleet 10km saw some great performances through out the Flyers. Em continued her sparkling form and achieved a 1:02:58 and a full 26 points. Peta also smashed in a time of 53:55. Alan rounded off the top 3 and also gained a bonus 5 points for beating 2018's best 10km time. Bob, Jim and Susan came in 4th, 5th and 6th respectively. 

The title race is over, but it's getting interesting for 2nd and 3rd spot with only 3 points separating Peta and Alan. Who will clinch it in the parkrun November decider, starting this weekend.

Race 12
parkrun November probably had one of the lowest turnouts for 2 reasons. The final of the Rugby World Cup and dire weather conditions. 10 Flyers turned out, with Alfred Boese turning in an impressive performance as he steadily returns to his best form. Andy and Alex both also produce good performances to complete the provisional top 3. Even Martin got a point despite starting 2 minutes after everyone else!

Overall no change to the top 3. 4 more parkruns will complete this season.