https://www.resultsbase.net/event/4042/results?search=David%20Peddle

July Parkrun - Event 2.

Fourteen runners bettered their times from last week, however the trio at the top for this event have not changed places: Lee Marshall, Andy Poulter and Alan Bush. Congratulations to Andy who bagged a 21.36 PB.
Behind the podium places some notable runs. 4th place Alasdair weighs in with a PB at 20:46. Oli Peddle went it for it this week and lands in 5th place with a 20:54.
Despite taking over 3 minutes off the previous week's effort, current FF Handicap champion, Ben Gay requires to shave another minute off to get close to the points.
Darren's solid 22:04 scores him a provisional 8 points which puts him back in joint first place with Alan. Well done all.

Yateley 10km - Event 2

Wow there are just a handfull of seconds in it at the top of the table. Strangely although Darren did not run, his lead has stretched to 3 points. The unlucky Alan Bush who has been relegated to third, although PB'ed in a very impressive 41:05 was pipped by Andy Poulter's PB of 45:20. If Alan ran 2 seconds quicker he'd retain second place and gain the 3 points he's effectively lost. Wow.
Oli smashed in a very impressive 44:44 and Tom Churchill remains in 4th place for the event having put two consistent 45 minute runs.

July Parkrun - Event 3.

When you thought Lee Marshall's -9.73% was safe, no one told My Andrew Poulter. A 21:17 PB forces him to the top of the leaderboard, not only for parkrun July but also in the overall standings. Oli Peddle also PB's (20:29) and joins the gaggle of 6 men who are separated by just 9 points. Darren drops like a 'stone' to 4th overall. There are still 2 events left of parkrun July so still all to play for.

July Parkrun - Event 4.

A relatively quiet final event for parkrun July. Big congratulations to Alasdair Nuttall who completed an all time PB in 20:34 and gains 17 points. Other improvers were Richard Boese (22:46) and Julia Boese (35:21). 
So Andy Poulter takes maximum points and sits pretty in top spot. Despite Alan Bush running a PB during July Parkrun, Alasdair's great run has relegated Mr Bush's achievement down to 15 points. Alex Halfacre holds on to third spot having only run once in July.
The top 6 are currently separated by 6 points! Next up, the final Yateley 10km on Wednesday.

Yateley 10km - Event 3

So the final Yateley ran in rainy conditions did not lend itself to many quicker runs. Mr Nuttall continues his good form and is the only improver earning himself 13 points.

With two events to go: Fleet 10km and parkrun November, it's all to play for. It starts getting a little complicated now as we take the best 5 out of 7 scoring events. All to play for.

Fleet 10km

A couple of months off, but still the usual suspects lead a well attended Fleet 10km, the first in our Flyers tops! Mr Poulter takes top honours just beating Alan by a few seconds. Oli was also just a few seconds from taking third place from a strong run by Richard. As a result Darren stays joint third with Oli in the overall standings. The top 8 all beating their 2016 times attaining an additional 5 points.

With one event to go, it's still all to play for. There are many mini battles. The top 2 spots could easily swap around. If Alan were to come first in under 20:14 and Andy finish second or lower without beating his 23:37, then Alan would win. Darren and Oli are tied in third so all to play for bronze position. Tom, Alex, Richard and Jim are also very close competing for 5th spot.


November parkrun - Event 3

Well done to all nine Flyers who ran today. Each and everyone of you recorded your best November parkrun (well for 2017)! Some very noteable runs, not least from Emma Malcolm who has weighed in with a 31.44 beating last years best time by 50 seconds. Alasdair Nuttall was 4 seconds from gaining an additional 5 points elevating himself to second for parkrun November. Duncan Ball has run his fastest time in 7 months and is provisionally in the top 10 in the overall standings.

So there is one event left for 2017, next weeks parkrun. There is very little between the top 2, although Darren Stone in third could still win the title coming first with a PB performance. However, most eyes will be on Alan and Andy. Andy has been struggling with fitness so it really will be very interesting. Alan still has scope to improve by 12 points also.

November parkrun - Event 4

The final run of the year with a few positions still up for grabs. Most noticeably the Championship. Andy needed just a few points. He hadn't run for a few weeks due to injury. This week was his comeback, but after just 1 mile he pulled up having given it a go, handing the prize to Mr Alan Bush. Well done Alan, a fantastic effort through out the year.

The final run saw Alasdair smash in a 20:38, just off his all-time PB and claim top spot. Jim catapulted himself a few places into 5th overall with a 20:44. Best November times were achieved by Alan, Darren, Oli, Tom, Bob, Rich, Louise, David, Chris, James and Elinor. All achieved on the final run.

Well done all. Congratulations once again to Alan and all the runners who achieved so much through out the year.

See you next year.

